Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/out-of-maintenance-aspxpivotgrid-how-to-highlight-field-and-data-cells-corresponding-the-hovered-cel: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T621056)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

> # Pivot Grid for Web Forms - How to highlight field and data cells corresponding the hovered cell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Pivot Grid for Web Forms - How to Highlight Field and Data Cells that Correspond to the Hovered Cell

```

<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/t621056/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This example illustrates how to highlight field and data cells corresponding to the hovered cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example illustrates how to highlight field and data cells that correspond to the hovered cell.

```

![Pivot Grid for Web Forms - Hightlighting data cells](media/7c770969-ded8-4eaa-9ec8-f052f7dd136a.png)

Ckick on the checkbox to highlight the corresponding cells:

![Pivot Grid for Web Forms - Hightlighting all corresponding data cells](media/7d663a5d-2701-411f-88ca-3d07da9f1eda.png)

## Overview

> [ASPxPivotGrid](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPivotGrid.ASPxPivotGrid) does not support this functionality out of the box. It is possible to implement such functionality using [jQuery](https://jquery.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot highlight cells that correspond to the hovered cell in [ASPxPivotGrid](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPivotGrid.ASPxPivotGrid) out of the box. The example shows how to use  [jQuery](https://jquery.com/) to implement this functionality.

```

> To do it, follow the steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

    if (e.Field.Area == DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotArea.ColumnArea)
        e.Cell.CssClass += " hoverHelperColumn_" + e.MinIndex + "_Field";
}
```
3. Handle the client-side [`Init`](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientControlBase.Init) and [`EndCallback`](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientPivotGrid.EndCallback) events for the Pivot Grid:
```js
function OnInit(s, e) {
    HoverProcessing(s.GetMainElement());
}
function OnEndCallback(s, e) {
    HoverProcessing(s.GetMainElement());
}
```

> 4. The **HoverProcessing** function determines the hovered cell's column and row index and applies the corresponding CSS class to the required data and field cells (see [Default.aspx](./CS/WebSite/Default.aspx#L31-L69)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. The **HoverProcessing** function determines the hovered cell's column and row index and applies the corresponding CSS class to the data and field cells (see [Default.aspx](./CS/WebSite/Default.aspx#L31-L69)).

```
